May the fourth be with you <:BirthdayGrogu1:838897273291276318><:BirthdayGrogu2:838897303447404564>!!
_ _
**Thanks to Kyra for**:
❯ Adding settings for the AFK system.
　❯❯ `afk.prefix` to change the nickname AFK prefix, defaults to the server's locale (`AFK -` for en-US).
　❯❯ `afk.prefix-force` to change whether the prefix should be applied even if it removes part of the member's name.
　❯❯ `afk.role` to configure a role to be added and removed by the AFK system.
❯ Adding a lot of functionality into the `afk` command.
　❯❯ `afk ignore #channel` to ignore channels.
　❯❯ `afk reset` to reset your AFK message.
　❯❯ `afk reset @member` to reset somebody else's AFK message.
　❯❯ `afk clear` to remove your AFK status.
　❯❯ `afk clear @member` to remove somebody else's AFK status.
　❯❯ `afk clear all` to remove the AFK status from everyone.
　❯❯ `afk list` to view the list of all AFK members in the server.
　❯❯ `afk show` to show your AFK status.
　❯❯ `afk show @member` to show somebody else's AFK status.
❯ Adding a lot of functionality into the `prune` command.
　❯❯ The filter type has been rewritten into composable options.
　　❯❯❯ `prune 10 --bots --images` will prune up to 10 messages sent by bots that contain an image.
　❯❯ Added `--pins` option to not ignore pins.
　❯❯ Added `--image` filter, similar to `--file` but filters by attachment's extension.
　❯❯ Added `--age=Duration` filter, by default `Duration` will be the maximum value: 14 days.
　❯❯ Added `--contains=Word` filter, use `--contains=hello` to prune messages containing `hello`.


❯ Adding `giveaway-end` (also: `gend` or `ge`) command. Use this to close a currently running giveaway (only supports giveaways started by Skyra).
❯ Adding `gn` as an alias for the `good-night` command.
❯ Adding an overwrite to permission nodes to ensure that server owners and administrators are not affected by permission nodes.
❯ Adding configuration keys `messages.farewell-auto-delete` and `messages.greeting-auto-delete`. If configured then Skyra's greeting and/or farewell messages will be automatically deleted after the given amount of time.
❯ Fixing how we parse the input argument for the `manage-command-auto-delete` command. The way we claimed it should work in the examples will now actually work.
_ _
**Thanks to Favna for**:
❯ Dockerizing Skyra! This is an internal change but a great achievement nonetheless.
❯ Fixing errors being thrown related to missing permissions for:
　❯❯ `manage-reaction-roles show` subcommand, if Skyra was missing the "Embed Links" permission.
　❯❯ `poll` command, if Skyra was missing the "Embed Links" permission.
　❯❯ `help CommandName` (getting help for a specific command), if Skyra was missing either the "Embed Links" or "Read Message History permissions".
_ _
**Thanks to Tyler for**:
❯ Improving the `help` information for the `afk` command.
_ _
> Got any feedback? Join [the official Skyra Lounge server](https://join.skyra.pw)!
