The update release!
The team has been working hard on updating Skyra's internals and we're finally able to release it!
_ _
**Thanks to Favna, Kyra, and many others contributors and reviewers for**:
⫸ Updating Skyra to Discord.JS v13.
　⪢ This means we can soon start adding **buttons** and **select menu's** to Skyra! Expect future changelogs to mention these.
　⪢ Skyra now works in threads and in stage voice channels!
　⪢ Skyra can now edit attachments, which means when editing a command such as `think` into `ping`, Skyra will no longer send a new message but edit her previous one.
⫸ Updating Skyra's framework to Sapphire framework version 2.
　⪢ Cooldowns for commands are now actually working!
　⪢ Commands can now properly be used in all text channels in a server.
　⪢ Moderation commands now allow server owners to always use them.
　⪢ The description of the `slowmode` command has been fixed, it now properly says the maximum is 6 hours.
　⪢ It is no longer possible to get a random location through the `weather` command.
　⪢ Fixed a few issues with voice commands not having proper usage checks.
⫸ While we tried our best squashing as many newly introduced bugs as possible, there are undoubtedly some left. We ask you, our community, to report anything you find and we'll get on it as soon as we're able.


_ _
**Thanks to Favna for**:
⫸ Updating the Twitch notification system to the new Twitch standards.
　⪢ We have done our best to migrate all your subscription. If you find any missing, please do resubscribe.
　⪢ It is now also supported to provide a custom message for when a streamer goes _online_. You will have to re-add your subscription to add it to an existing one. Check `skyra help tsub` for more information.
⫸ Adding a `bunny` command. Go here for all your favourite cutest bun-bunnies :rabbit2::rabbit2:.
_ _
**Thanks to Kyra for**:
⫸ Fixing a bug in the `help` information of `star-wars-space-ship` command.
⫸ Fixing a bug in the `brawlstars` bumping the amount of total brawlstars there are.
⫸ Fixing a bug in the `choice` command that made it possible to tag `@ everyone`.
_ _
> Got any feedback? Join [the official Skyra Lounge server](https://join.skyra.pw)!
