This release finally includes all changes that we announced on <t:1633187327:D>. We're sorry for the delay, it was caused by Kyra and Favna being very busy with other things.
_ _
**Thanks to Favna for**:
⫸ Completely rewriting how we handle storing of emojis for several commands.
　⪢ This also fixes a bug with reaction roles where the role would not get removed when a custom emoji was used for the reaction role.
⫸ Fixing a bug in the `yarn` command to properly show URLs on Android devices.
⫸ Fixing a bug that caused "happy birthday" messages to not ping the user.
⫸ In many places we now started using Discord native timestamps, kind of like how this release was made on <t:1634491159:D>.
⫸ Rewriting the `yarn` command to show up to 10 results based on a search query.
⫸ The `country` command has been disabled and removed because the API we were using (restcountries.eu) has become a paid API. We want to add the command back, but we first need to find a good replacement for the data source. If anyone has any recommendations, please let my developers know.
⫸ The message I sent to you when reminding you of a reminder is now clearer and better English.
⫸ When using `gstart` or `gcreate` and providing roles who can participate, I will now mention those roles so they are made aware a giveaway has started for them. This only works if the person who starts the giveaway actually has permission to ping that role.
⫸ When you added me to your server with the permissions we request in the invitation she gets a so called "Managed Role", a role that cannot be assigned to other members or manually removed. It is now possible to also ping that role to trigger my commands.

_ _
**Thanks to Kyra for**:
⫸ Adding multiplier support to the `dice` command.
　⪢ If you want to roll a d6 but want to get multiple times the result you can use something like `1d6*10`. For more examples see `skyra help dice`.
　⪢ The operators are executed left to right, not following the [Mathematics Order of Operations](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_of_operations).
⫸ Adding a configuration key `music.auto-leave` (default: true). Set this to false and Skyra won't leave the voice channel after the queue finishes (also known as "24/7 music").
⫸ Fixing a bug in `trivia` that caused the question to be edited out of the prompt when someone answered incorrectly
_ _
> Got any feedback? Join [the official Skyra Lounge server](https://join.skyra.pw)!
