Skyra just turned 5 years old, yay!
_ _
It is been a very long journey since the creator started working on her, Skyra has grown a lot (almost 2.9 times the servers and 2.5 times the users in just one year) and has processed over 308 million messages in the last 6 months, and although things have quietened lately - and we are sorry about the lack of updates - we still received the support from our patrons and partners, we just can't thank you guys enough!
_ _
Now the interesting news *everyone wants to read*, we are working on other projects that alongside Discord's new bot team, will make Skyra a much better bot.
_ _
**We also have some huge plans we will bring next year!** Stay tuned and `s!subscribe` in [the official Skyra Lounge server](https://join.skyra.pw) if you haven't yet! Also, we are looking for developers to assist us!
_ _
⫸ **New Website**: We know the website has been breaking a lot lately, and it's lacking a lot of love, however, one of our plans involve a full rewrite from the React + Next.js + MaterialUI codebase to a Vue3 + Vite + Tailwind one. The creators have been experimenting with the new stack and so far it works well. The new website will have a better user experience, it will be a lot faster, and we aim to fix many current issues.

_ _
⫸ **Slash Commands**: We started using interactions recently, with buttons, but that's not all! We'll be migrating all of our commands to slash commands as soon as [our framework's PR is merged](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework/pull/293). We'll also try to migrate and deprecate Skyra's permission nodes system in favour of the [built-in permissions v2](https://msciotti.notion.site/msciotti/Command-Permissions-V2-4d113cb49090409f998f3bd80a06c3bd) that Discord will soon release. This will provide an easy way of controlling per-command per-role/per-user access permissions as it will be integrated within your Discord server settings. And if that wasn't enough, just like regular Discord permissions you can also allow for channel overrides. Yay for better permissions!
_ _
⫸ **Arkadia**: This is a network of [tiny single-purpose applications](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microservices) that will reduce the complexity of Skyra's code while also ensuring that all the code in each module we make is completely tested against regular and edge cases, automatically in every change we do, so brace yourselves, Skyra is getting a lot harder to break soon! Also, unlike the bot, Arkadia is written in C# and uses .NET 6, so if you're interested in contributing, feel free to do so!
_ _
With the arrival of Arkadia, we will be releasing new fancy stuff:
　⪢ **YouTube Notifications**: Easier said than done, this is the most complex application and as the name implies, it displays notifications when somebody uploads a video or goes live on YouTube.
　⪢ **Dynamic Attachments**: This will allow us to update content such as profile banners at will with just code, currently, we have to do a lot of steps to make new attachments available.

_ _　⪢ **Improved Database Management**: Several of Skyra's bugs are caused by the third-party library we use for the database, we will be moving all of the database interactions from Skyra's code into Arkadia, which will benefit from a more robust library and higher testability. This also includes major scheduler improvements, which will ensure reminders and temporary moderation actions work all the time, rather than failing at times.
_ _
On top of all of this, we plan on adding time zone support for birthdays, improving how we handle AFKs, resolving many of our open GitHub issues, and resolving suggestions made [in the Skyra Lounge server](https://join.skyra.pw).
